feat(curriculum): Add fCC Authors Page Project to JS Cert (#49826)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-fetch-and-promises-by-building-an-fcc-authors-page/641da5dd6cd6db44f58b7787.md

---
id: 641da5dd6cd6db44f58b7787
title: Step 9
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-9
---

# --description--

> Inside your `displayAuthors` function, chain `forEach()` to `authors`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `authors` value will be an array. Inside your `displayAuthors` function, use the `.forEach()` method of `authors`.
```
